Major bug on GitHub is preventing the GitHub UI from allowing some types of commits directly to repositories.
# My designs will have a link to an external source
where i can do vcs off of GitHub. This probably won't affect the ability to make pull requests,
so I am going to use vcs elsewhere and then likely put any pull requests in one batch from my other vcs.
## link(s) to my designs 
* six axioms created with P_0S in mind. Precision P_0S with these axioms has initial work towards a safe math solution, acknowledging there's probably more powerful safe math available. The most prominent deviation, in my design, from [the fearless simd proposal #4](https://github.com/raphlinus/fearless_simd/issues/4) is the avoidance of relaxing during P_0S safe math by not attempting to get better accuracy using rounding methods or truncating methods. My design attempts to just do accurate and correct math by making entirely mathematical axioms to construct new calculation methods. The input variables (individual elements of the equation) are defined by my designs in a unique way that puts storage requirements along with the input variables. These storage requirements use a number of bits necessary for safe math to have strong guarantees, instead of just saying that! a standard `double` is sufficient. I am using this unique approach as a means to begin the process of integrating true mathematics with my machine learning engineering, as there are some linear algebra concepts I have studied that have helped me understand machine learning better from a mathematics perspective. My axioms in this P_0S safe math approach are use simple mathematics language so I can start practicing with the process. I hope to at least get some charts being created that can begin the process of being a sort of third party validation system that is capable of accepting the methods being used by fearless simd as testable implementations. A second set of axioms may be needed to increase precision of the P_0S validations, and it may be that second, or third set of axioms involves weighing the risks involved with using someone else's safe maths libraries, as they might have inherent limitations or I may not have studied their algorithms sufficiently to be able to provide fully understandable and explainable AI in my use of third party code.
* next up from this [r02] of the first major draft would be to discover or create an axiom.
* Now that this latest [r02] of the first final draft appears to have this description below attached to the [r02] revision of my design, it appears there is room for a sedond vector in the vector space. This might be the exact revision necessary to have taken this design beyond the looking glass of the fearless SIMD #4 issue (proposal). The objective of my design is to attempt reducing toil. It may be a good idea to declare an initiative to begin first implementation of my design starting at this [r02] of the first final draft.
* naming convention for my designs is good up to this point. The second final draft can have a suffix 'd2' added before the revision number 'r##'.
* I modified the specifications slightly on my designs. This modification will likely lead to more members in the Precision set. The point that was missed so far is that this #4 issue (proposal) appears to be interested in safe math, while also maximizing optimization. I think a major point is that the floating point calculations in rust are not rounded accurately according to mathematics. This may be a permissable behavior according to standardized floating point specifications. The rounding adjustements in the #4 proposal appear to be an effort to get safe math floating point results that are mathematically correct. I added a Precision value that should be used in the case that standardized floating point results are still not giving the exact mathematical answer. This addition will likely be followed by a safe math suffix 'S' being placed at every precision specifcation, indicating that safe math with exact answers are required. This could get interesting as the precision becomes relaxed and highly relaxed. There may have to be more specific relaxed and highly relaxed members added to the Precision specifications. The most obvious is that highly relaxed can allow for extremely optimized calculations that have the result of a three (for example significant digit safe math value. This new P_0S member to the Precision specifications set also allows for thinking in terms of grade school three digit multiplication, like 

`36.7 * 15.3`.

[updated designs](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1snBYw8Pq-u_TY1w4keyFxD6Yx-L2-tNa/view) (draft revision [r02])
* [designs](https://drive.google.com/file/d/197BB5qRIIvdoGUu9vXULITNleHo6P-eV/view) (first final draft, not most updated version)
